c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\HealthCareWeb.dll.config
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\HealthCareWeb.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\HealthCareWeb.pdb
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.pdb
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.Migrations.migrane.resources
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.Migrations.ModelID.resources
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HealthCareWeb\HealthCareWeb\obj\Debug\HealthCareWeb.Migrations.ModelID1.resources
